provide coco labels for different model variants (#2146)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/faster_rcnn_resnet101_coco/faster_rcnn_resnet101_coco.md

### Original Model

> 1. Classifier, name: `detection_classes`. Contains predicted bounding boxes classes in a range [1, 91]. The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with [90 categories](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt) of objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Classifier, name: `detection_classes`. Contains predicted bounding boxes classes in a range [1, 91]. The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 90 classes. The mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt` file.
```
